Ladies and gentlemen, this is Harmontown and it is now its session.
Please welcome to the stage Spencer Crittenden.
The mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
I will be guest comptrolling for the lovely, lovely Jeff Davis.
I am Brandon Johnson. God bless you.
Thank you, Brandon. How are you?
I'm a little drunk already.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, we got a late start so we're just up there boozing it up.
Sorry, we'll start on time at some point in the future.
And if we don't, then we're just late starting on time.
I like that.
Yeah.
I have really bad heartburn because I just went off of Prilosec
because I went to the doctor and he said, how are you feeling?
I went to go in for my little check-up, check the liver, check everything.
Just the liver.
Well, mostly the liver.
I'm going for the liver.
Yeah.
Because I don't want anything.
Well, whatever.
I know I'm going to get some kind of cirrhosis or whatever or something
and then people are going to be like, I just hate that.
I'm allowed to drink and then die without it being like, told you so.
It's just like, fuck you.
So what if I drink my whole life and then it's my liver that kills me?
It's like, see?
I just hate that.
I hate how we deal with death.
We act like it's a disease, but even worse than that,
like that it strikes only those that did something to deserve it.
Like, you're all going to die fucking pieces of shit.
And by the way, I've said it before.
I'll say it again.
I'll believe any shit that you say about medicine the day anyone generates a society
where the doctors live on average a day longer than the other people.
There's no fucking doctors don't live any longer.
They know everything and they die randomly because God made us to kill us.
That's our relationship or we created God to kill us.
Keeping things fancy for Brandon a little more collegiate for the kids.
But anyway, so I've been taking Prilosec for like a fucking long enough to have Alzheimer's for sure.
Because if you do die, you don't want to die with heartburn.
Yeah, but then they linked Prilosec to Alzheimer's now, like last year.
So the doctor says, how are you feeling?
He says at the end of the whole thing, he says, is there anything you're worried about?
First of all, you don't mean.
Motherfucker, you're a job.
Like, how fucking fake is this shit?
It's like a tarot card reader being like, just think about what's on your mind and also tell me real quick.
My job.
Well, then that's what that means.
He goes like, are you worried about anything?
And I'm like, no, no, I'm fine.
And I'm like, well, wait, well, I've been taking Prilosec for like a fucking ever.
And should I be doing that?
They told me keep taking it because it was fine.
And he's like, I'm like, because I heard it was linked to Alzheimer's and he's like, yeah, here's the thing.
I want you to get off the Prilosec because it causes Alzheimer's.
Like he acted like I said nothing.
He just pretended that it was his idea.
I was like, what the fuck?
Maybe he heard your impression of him.
Is it any whatever, man? Is it is it rude to blow your nose in a restaurant?
Is it?
Yes.
Well, I don't mean to ask you a question and then disagree with you, but I think the answer is a case by case basis.
I think if you can tell it's going to be audible, like what's in there?
I think if...
I think no one should ever sneeze.
I hold in my sneezes, I'd say like 95% of the time and I'd say it's the right thing to do.
I certainly wish to rip off a thought from Karen and Georgia on my favorite murder.
They were talking about shout-sneezers, people that scream when they...
People that are just like...
Stop doing that. That's a choice.
Another thing you could do is you could turn a sneeze into a yell where you go...
Ahh!
But I'll tell you this, man, nothing is more nerve-wracking than people...
No, I mean, the people when they go like...
And you're like, God, Jesus Christ, you're killing yourself.
I don't want anybody doing that.
Yeah, don't do that for me.
Oh, I'm doing it.
Let it out.
But that's part of why you do it.
Because, you know, that's what exactly it...
That's the stigma, like you're going to get a stroke or something.
Wouldn't that be amazing if someone was like...
And they'd just like topple over and their eye turns red?
It would be amazing.
He was so polite.
And then his head exploded.
It killed him.
He was a doctor, but he died at 50 because he was a polite doctor.
Well, yeah, I don't think I had anything else to say.
Look, I blew my nose in a restaurant at House of Pies today.
And I was like, first of all, it's House of Pies, so the bar is lowered.
But then I blew it and I was like, I bet nobody wanted to hear that.
Because it's one thing, there's a nose blow where it just sounds like there's...
You know, you're just blowing your nose.
And then there's nose blows that's like, oh, two things just came out.
I don't know if that should be...
No one wants to hear foley work when you're blowing your nose.
If it's one sound effect of guy blowing his nose on the sound effect record, fine.
If it's two sound effects of grape coming out of a garden hose or something.
It's still a record.
In your mind, it's still a sound effect record, which I love.
When I was a kid, they had record albums at the library.
And I used to always rent the...
I would beg my mom, like, can I get this?
And she's like, again, it was sound effects record.
I would get sound effects records.
And I would just sit and listen to them, like a fucking asshole.
The shit paid off.
Just like spooky sound effects.
I was really into the occult of stuff.
But all year round, I would rent Halloween sound effects records.
And it would just be the same shit on every record, because they would just be recycled or licensed.
There would be some guy going on a piano.
And then window shutters.
And then a cat going...
And I would just sit there and fucking stim and listen to it.
I gotta be autistic, right?
And I just figured out how to start covering it up at 9 or something.
So you can't diagnose me now, because I'm like Ben Affleck in the accountant.
I'm like hiding it.
No, he's not hiding it.
He's like stoked about it.
You gotta see Ben Affleck in the accountant.
It's amazing.
It's so incredible.
He's an autistic superhero.
Because his dad was an army man that didn't cotton to autism acceptance.
And so trained him to.
His dad figured, well, if he doesn't like bright lights and loud sounds, then he should be exposed to more of them.
And he should learn to kill.
And instead of that guy being the villain, that guy is like the Obi-Wan.
He's the reason why instead of just a regular autistic Ben Affleck is an amazing crime fighter.
Because he's part autistic, part functional soldier.
The combination is amazing.
He can autistically aim his sniper rifle.
It's so fucked up.
He can calculate how to kill you.
It's really silly.
And amazing.
It's really that and Lucy.
All bad movies should be as good as that.
Lucy's, that's the one where she's using 100% of her brain so she can just start making people float.
Is that the one I'm thinking of?
I did not see Lucy.
And Morgan Freeman just keeps narrating the whole movie at 70% of your brain.
You can make shit float.
And then she just does it.
There's no conflict in the whole movie.
In the first 10 minutes there's conflict because she hasn't yet ingested this superhero amount of drugs.
And then she becomes a superhero in the rest of the movie.
It's just her fucking making the city lay down or making a building dance.
And then Morgan Freeman's explaining in VO why that's possible.
And then she just turns into a computer and flies into the moon or something.
But it's great.
It's a great movie.
Alright, let's bring up Rob's Schrab and Cordry.
Woo!
The Rob's are gesturing to each other to go through the stairs.
They went up together at the same time.
I'm narrating.
We came up together at the same time.
You know, this is a great live show and a better live stream, but it's also an audio podcast.
Yep.
To those listeners at home, we did a fantastic bit.
And I narrated it excellent.
Even though no one laughed at it, it was funny in a very subtle way.
I really liked it.
I really liked what we did.
It was really good.
It was great.
Daniel.
We were on the same page.
Hello.
Come on, Harmon, don't fuck this up.
Hi, Dan.
Hi.
Happy Sunday.
The thing is not coming up that's asking me if I want a mirror.
Oh, no.
Why is the mannequin hid behind the dollhouse?
Why is it?
What?
You thought I was the mannequin?
There were people that thought...
That's a compliment.
That's a sexy mannequin.
You think I'm that thin?
Oh, I bet I know what it is.
Oh, you can see is the dome.
And you saw fishnets.
You ready, Dan?
We've been stalling.
I probably won't do this every week.
I'm experimenting with her.
I didn't make you wait for any...
Shut up.
I got two rubs up here.
That's a good rub.
There's a fucking point to that.
If either of you steps out of line, it's like, look to your left.
It's a p-roblem.
Oh, shit.
And I'm someone, and I'm someone's dad.
So I got, you know, I got topics tonight.
It's just like a slide.
This is my mind map.
I got entertainment, politics, psychology, art, science, and culture.
Brandon's face is uncultured.
Thank you, Brandon, for posing for...
For those of you that...
They're just laughing at the fact that I've got quite a visual...
I've got a mind map set up here.
But the podcast is still going to be very audio-friendly.
And I don't know that I'll have all Sunday to like...
I talked about Hartburn.
I didn't talk about Ruby Ridge.
I saw a documentary about Ruby Ridge.
Do you know anything about that?
You ever hear of Ruby Ridge?
No, I don't.
I don't either.
It was like the prequel to Waco that makes you go like,
well, why did Waco happen?
Why didn't they learn anything?
Because it's just like the government was just like,
oh, first they entrapped a guy.
Like they were worried because there were Nazis in the woods.
Like there are people out there.
But it's like, now I think you watch that and go like,
God, the glory days.
Remember when the Nazis were in the woods?
Just running around being Nazis and having like little things,
burning things and like dancing and going like,
we ought to be in the city.
I'd love to sit high with more people while you can't.
You got to stay in the woods.
You got Jethro Hitler.
But, you know, because now they're in the White House,
that it's worse, isn't it?
That's worse when they're in the White House.
It's pretty bad.
I always go, when I go back to, I grew up in New England,
whenever I go back there, there's bunkers everywhere,
like old cement bunkers from World War II.
And it always seems so cute.
It's like adorable.
Like, oh, look, they thought people were going to attack from the sea.
No, no, it's going to be electronically, you fucking dummies.
Pepe the frog will be the submarine that...
Going to hack your Amazon account.
Don't you feel bad for that?
Nice of DVDs.
Right. Well, look.
Yeah, whatever.
So there was this guy that was running around with the Nazis too,
but he was really just like a farmer,
and in the 70s, the farmers got really fucked.
And this guy was kind of like, you know,
he wasn't a big fan of the federal government,
and he liked his farm and life,
and he moved out to the middle of nowhere,
and there were Nazis out there,
and he kind of made friends with them.
Because their cups of sugar were still sweet.
They just happened to be Nazis.
And because there were Nazis there,
there were like feds that were like infiltrating
and always trying to like, you know,
figure out how do we bust these guys?
They make us nervous.
And so they told this guy,
it was entrapment, like they said,
like, hey, do you think he could saw off some shotguns for us?
And he's like, okay, I have a saw.
And then they're like, you're under arrest.
God damn it, no.
No, this is because I'm a Nazi, right?
This is because my friends are Nazis.
And so he didn't want to go to jail.
And then they're like, well, now what are we going to do?
He's surrounded by Nazis
and has a bunch of sawed off shotguns.
You didn't take the shotguns with you?
And so then it just went to fucking shit,
because the government was trying to figure out
how do you walk in and go and like,
there's kids and there's guns.
And so they were creeping around the property all the time
for months trying to figure out what to do.
And maybe we'll set up a couple more cameras
and just watch them a little bit more.
And after a while we'll figure out an easy way to do this.
And then one time they were creeping around the property
and the dog started barking.
And then like five minutes later,
no one knows what really happened.
Everyone's accusing everyone else of being villains.
But like the dog was dead, a kid was dead.
And everyone was freaking the fuck out
and there was a big standoff.
And then they brought it.
They were just had like snipers
that were just watching the house.
And then like the wife walked out
and they just fucking killed her.
But the feds didn't know that the wife was dead,
so they kept trying to use her
to like get the guy to surrender
and go like, come on, do it for Margaret.
And he's like, what the hell are you talking about?
She's laying on the kitchen floor
and they're like, we can't hear you.
You don't have a loudspeaker.
Margaret loves muffins, come on.
And he thought they were just fucking with him.
Like because how do you kill someone and not know?
And the answer is government.
Anyways, Ruby Ridge, check it out.
Google it, it's fun.
Is it rude to blow your nose in a restaurant?
I guess the answer to what I'm hearing is no.
Ooh, you had something.
I had something.
You had something to say.
Check it out.
You know what, I think it is
if you have cloth napkins.
If you're in a nicer restaurant
that has taken the time to give you cloth napkins.
But I still do it.
I'll still blow my nose in those things.
Yeah, I've never done that.
That feels like...
Yeah, I know.
I don't feel good about it.
But I'll do it.
I'll definitely do it.
I found out I'm not sexist because I was...
I was at a rap party for a show that I control from above.
And one of the writers, who's a lady writer,
a righteous,
she, who I respect as a human being,
I give her a job on a show.
And her partner, by the way,
wrote the show while writing a human being in her belly.
Because if she needed maternity leave,
she wouldn't get it.
But so one of the writers,
at the rap party,
Rightress,
she brought her husband,
who I've met a thousand times.
And my girlfriend, Cody,
who's also a rightress, by the way,
she met the husband.
She started talking.
She's like, well, what do you do?
And I was like, what does he do?
He's married to a writer.
He does.
And then his job turned out really interesting.
He designs video games and stuff,
and he's particularly designing stuff
that has to do with helping people's neurology
that have PTSD and all this stuff.
All this interesting stuff that I didn't know,
because I never saw him as a human being
because I'm not sexist.
Because I respect writers,
not men.
And I hate spouses, not women.
I'm fucking awesome.
Thank you.
Well,
why don't we check in with the entertainment section here?
We've got a lot of...
See, I'm so excited.
It's like a real show.
You guys heard about Piers Morgan today, right?
Like, he...
Yeah, what happened?
It turned out he doesn't know...
Oh, yeah, yeah, I did read this.
He was talking about...
He was talking about men, men this and men that,
and men should suck it up, and then...
Yeah, men should suck it up.
And then men should suck it up.
I'm gonna get that tattooed on my fucking balls.
The...
And he was like, oh, men this and men that,
and then men were tweeting at him and going like,
well, fuck you, once you grow up,
real men know how they feel and talk about their feelings,
and then he responded to one of them,
is James Bond not a real man then?
And the real entertaining thing was like,
then for the rest of the day, he...
It was like, you knew something was up,
because it was like, wait, he doesn't know,
but then he clearly...
He was like, oh, yeah, I didn't know that.
Yeah, thanks a lot, I didn't know that.
But he responded to every tweet,
and it just kept going, yeah, I didn't know.
Thanks for telling me.
What, James Bond isn't real?
I thought he was real.
It was like, you did, didn't you?
Yeah, yeah.
You tweeted 50 times about this.
You thought James Bond was real, and you're British.
We're allowed to think he's real.
Right.
Does he not hang out with G.I. Joe?
So anyways, way to go, you fucking ball sack.
I hate Pierce Morgan.
I guess you're supposed to hate him,
and that's bread and circuses.
What is this?
Adam Ultraberg tagged you into...
Well, you're just playing into his trap.
Yeah.
That's it.
And there's Adam Goldberg figuring out...
That's all he's been doing.
Yeah, he just keeps tagging tweets,
because he realized that'll make a drop-down happen on the...
That's so, that's so fucked up.
Well, I've got some...
Now, don't freak out when I say video finds,
because you're listening at home,
and you're chopping your carrots, and you're poor,
and you don't pay for the...
This part of the podcast is going to be terrible for you.
No, it's not.
I promise.
Oh.
So, like, for instance...
Well, so, okay, so my girlfriend, Cody Heller,
like, she does what a lot of people does, do.
No, does.
Does.
She, at one point, she started following everyone named
Cody Heller on Facebook, and stuff like that.
I do that.
I have a couple Dan Harmon friends.
Yeah.
No, everyone should do that.
I think it's fun.
You want to find out what you look like
if your parents had actually fed you vegetables.
Yeah.
I also...
You want to find, like, the better version of you,
because if there's, like, I look...
There's a better Brandon Johnson out there,
like, he's fucking successful, and he's handsome,
and I'm like, I'll kill this dude.
I follow a guy whose first name is Cordry.
Really?
Yeah.
Because his parents were a fan of my, like, distant cousins,
who was a journalist for the Washington Post,
back in the 60s, and he asked Ronald Reagan
a question once in the 80s, and they were like,
yes, he... he then... and they named him Cordry.
His first name is Cordry.
So shout out.
I follow...
One of the guys I follow on Twitter is Dan Garmin.
And so when things are real bad, like, after the election,
I'll just check in with him and go,
what's going on in your universe?
You're treating it like you're parallel.
I'll grump and get elected.
But he's always like, no, it's the same here.
My name's just different than yours.
Your fame doesn't make me an object.
But anyways, Cody follows a bunch of Cody Hellers.
We're all dudes, basically.
Cody's more, I guess, skews more of a dude name.
The only reason that's important is that all this is
is just a random video from YouTube.
And if you're listening, you'll hear the audio.
There is no... the video is simply...
We'll tell you what the video is, but the audio is where it's at.
Speaking of hearing the audio,
we're going to need to plug in that headphone jack.
Good call.
Good call, Spencer.
Oh, brother.
Do you follow any Spencers or do you curious about these?
No, I think it's a really weird thing to do.
Maybe it's because I have a weird name, but yeah.
Are there dicks in this?
No.
Okay.
Just asking.
I think that's a reasonable question.
Context, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, you made it a point to say that
Cody's are usually men.
Oh, yeah, well, but I mean, there's a...
It takes place in a karate dojo this video,
so I guess you could say there's like 50 dicks, but...
But so it's just this video that's posted of this guy,
Cody Heller's YouTube page.
I guess what it is, is it's him like...
I think it's Cody Heller, who I think is maybe a Russian guy
or a Polish guy, I don't know, or maybe it's just his karate instructor
whose voice you'll hear in a second is Russian or something.
He's speaking English, but with this Eastern European accent,
and he's going to give Cody Heller this young man,
his purple belt in whatever martial art this is,
and the guy is so...
This has nothing to do with my girlfriend or her name.
It's just like, that's how we found this random video,
and I was just like so entranced by this.
I wanted to share it with people because I'm so confused about this guy
and his attitude about giving someone a purple belt,
and also what you'll...
Yeah, so just listen to this guy.
Over here, training really hard.
Yeah, I'm really proud to make him this level right now.
His name is Cody. Come here, Cody.
Give me this.
What?
Come here, Cody.
Oh, Cody.
Maybe you, Cody.
Where's the camera?
It's like a casting porn video.
I'm just going to pause it to say it, yeah.
So part of the visual is that this guy,
the karate instructor, I guess has a GoPro,
maybe like nestles in his gear.
It's in between my rope, Cody.
I don't think he's being surreptitious.
I think he just wanted to...
He just doesn't have a harness or...
Oh, I got a harness.
I have a saddle and a whip, Cory.
So really all you're seeing is the inside of a guy's coat,
and if you're chopping carrots and listening to this,
you're not missing anything except this one thing.
He's about to tie the purple belt around Cody.
And I don't...
Does this guy...
This guy is either not the instructor
or is so focused on the martial arts
he's never actually tied a belt before,
because he starts to put it on.
Okay, you've done enough, by the way,
belt-wise as far as I'm concerned,
now he keeps going.
It's better you can't hold it.
He did weird stuff to the belt.
That's just all...
He hands it off to a guy who just ties it like a karate belt
and then they hug, and then they hug.
Listen to him again.
Your name is Cory. Come here, Cory.
Come here, Cory. That's me.
Oh, oh, oh...
Cory, Cory.
My name is Cory.
Cory.
It just sounds like he's up to something.
Is that an Eastern European stereotype?
It's like if you have an Arkansas accent,
people are like, it's bad, we're closed minded,
we think you're dumb because you talk like this,
but is it like if you sound like Eastern European,
you sound like you're gonna fucking murder someone?
That's like that, guys, from the Alabama of...
Cory, come here.
Yeah, no, we got your guns in the car.
We never cut your head and hands off,
so the fingerprints and teeth gotta be identified.
I'm Greek, not Serbian.
All right, and I just wanted to share that.
I found this on my YouTube channel,
and I don't know if I ever shared this with anybody.
This is from Forensic Files.
Again, if you're listening, just listen.
There's nothing visual that you have to...
A poison that kills instantly.
According to forensic pathologist, Dr. John Butt.
You just don't get any simpler than that.
What forensic files were they trying to get underneath?
I don't think it was forensic files,
but that was, what's his name, the guy?
It was a poor man's forensic file.
What was his name, the guy that they rescued him?
And then here's the only other video clip.
But again, totally audio-friendly for those of you fucking assholes
that just listen for free and complain.
This is from the movie...
Which one was Pierce Brosnan in Volcano or Dante's Peak?
Oh, Dante's Great Movies.
So, like, I don't know.
Either do or don't name your characters Harry and Terry
if you're in an action film.
I saved the worst for last, I understand.
What is your full name that you shortened to Harry?
Let's go to one thought-provoking Twitter question.
I'm so stoked about my technology.
Ugh, this fucking not-Dan Harmon guy keeps responding to everything.
Alright.
How do you feel about LA vs. New York and the impassioned back and forth between us?
Is there?
What does that mean?
Is there a rap?
You mean, like, with rap?
No, I think just hip-hop.
I think just with the city's east coast is better than west coast.
Alright, that's not a good question.
That wasn't a statement, that was a question.
We don't get it.
I think I got the clear to tell this story about Cody.
I thought this was funny.
We do a lot of role-playing.
Oh, yeah, like Pathfinder?
Yeah.
Oh, you knock, shadow run.
Yeah, second edition, yeah.
You know, and it gets pretty violent.
Sexual.
Creatives.
Rules heavy.
Let's say taboo.
Beautiful.
You're both writers, so it gets pretty...
You go to some dark forbidden places.
You kind of lose yourself.
In order to verify for our own animal brains that sex is happening.
Got it.
There's visuals to this?
No, no, I just wanted to tell this story because I love my girlfriend so much.
So this really just made me really love her extra more.
Okay, lay it on us Valentine.
Yeah, share with us.
Right.
Share with us, pal.
We were doing like a thing, a scene, sexually.
And the construction of the scene had to do with the taboo age dynamic.
She was way older than you.
It was a young doctor and really old patient.
I needed a college credit.
Daniel, come on over here.
My rocket chair don't work so good anymore.
It's centered on a lack of experience on her part.
I've never had sex before.
I could go with any second time in my 90s.
Could you please help a poor old lady out?
Could you help a poor old lady out?
And so hard right now.
And she's fading out in her entire life.
Could you help me?
Let me put my teeth in.
I'm not proud of, you know, that's why it's the bedroom and not the boardroom.
Although we've done that, we've done that too when we talked about the boardroom.
But note to self, stay away from the star burns.
No, no, no.
That was in Australia.
Table.
No, no, stop it.
I'm having my sandwich on the table here.
During the taboo fantasy, I was like, well, if you ever done this before,
and she was like, well, a couple times, I mean, four or five,
and I was like, okay, and then I had more questions.
I'm like, with whom?
And then we went in and it was a kind of a circuitous path to then, you know,
just like the boardroom.
Yeah.
And then afterwards, you know, we like to review.
Give notes.
Right.
It's not less notes, more accolades.
I think it was like award ceremonies.
When you said this, that was really good.
I don't feel like your arc really would have done that.
That was really good.
Thank you for giving me a Latin surname.
There's not enough diversity in these scenarios.
I really appreciate it.
I was very proactive of you.
Yeah, we give each other little props and high fives.
And I was like, what happened with the little loop of conversation?
Why was it so important the number of times that she had done this or that?
And you went into all this detail and then I had questions.
And she's like, oh, yeah, I just got, I had an internal logic bump there.
Like, because, you know, I just felt like I, you know, the idea was I had never,
ever done anything before.
Then why would my blowjobs be so good?
Damn.
And she wasn't doing a bit.
I was, I was like, are you like, she was like so, I mean, it's, yeah, I just,
we just want to justify.
Yeah.
And for her, that's a matter of actual good writer, internal logic.
When ego fucks up role play.
Yeah.
Essentially.
Four or five though.
I mean, that's a lot.
Yeah.
I mean, I wouldn't have been like, wait a minute.
But because your character was not your character.
Your character was old, experienced, old helicopter pilot, old helicopter pilot.
Old helicopter pilot, brand new private in the military.
Joshua Koppel asks on Twitter, is the community movie basically a no go asking for a friend?
I don't, I don't know.
I don't know why I saved that question.
Here's the related question.
Did you ever watch the TV show, The Cape?
I saw, I saw, uh, no.
Oh man.
It was great.
There was an episode where there was this autistic chick who could like murder people with math.
Well, she didn't really murder people.
I think she just stopped an elevator or something.
I don't know.
Continue.
Good murder people.
She could have, but she was a good person.
You minus life equals corpse.
And then they cloned her brain and made her into a Siri console.
And they were like, everyone can use this.
It's a good show.
Did the, did the, because the, is that a cape power?
The ability to make someone do a Siri?
No, the bad guy was trying to, uh, make, make series for everybody.
But the, the bad part is in prison, in prison, the chick.
No.
No, no.
You got so disappointed.
There's so many great places to pitch a series right now.
That's true.
Uh, I, did you, did you got, you guys know about that young lady who stayed at that hotel in
LA and then they found her body at the, in the water, uh, water.
No, I do not.
Tower.
Uh, downtown.
It doesn't sound funny at all.
No, it's not, it's not.
She's a recent, I said, are you guys, what's that?
Sorry?
Oh, Lisa.
Lisa Lam.
Lam?
Lam.
Like that.
Okay.
Oh, she's dead.
Well, it's not.
I mean.
Let's, let's not make that noise.
Okay.
Well, say her name, uh, the guy behind you tried his best to make a joke out of it, but
there's no jokes to be had.
Are you certain, like the guy that with the guy that went bad?
He was just trying to help like yes, it was like I mean it was that it was the perfect joke, right?
Perfect joke. It was also funny. Well, so it still it remains a mystery what happened to her
But you get did you know about the whole if you heard the elevator game the yeah
The the the I never knew that start from the beginning. I don't know what you're talking about Robin
I the Roberts are in the dark. Yeah
Well this young lady who stayed at this hotel, which is an ancillary fact
It adds to the to the spookiness of it that this hotel is downtown hotel the one that it's the one that I can't remember
What it's called the downtown hotel
You know like apparently Richard Ramirez stayed there and I don't know Sherlock Holmes and broke his toe or something
I don't know but the but she she stayed there and then she yeah
Then they the what the well the facts of the story are that she was there then she disappeared
She was traveling alone
She was on some meds that she was then off it was then she was in she was staying in a room with some people who
Testified to the fact that she she was kind of acting it in off her meds kind of way, but then she sorry sorry
I don't like Mazel tov like yeah
Two Jewish people wanted to get married here, but just time for a Mazel tov
Parable time the
Wait for the middle of the sentence
I'm treading lightly and every time someone says something out loud
I'm like because we're in Los Angeles
This happens because there's 200 people in the room because you know statistically speaking there might be somebody who was a
Friend of this person or whatever, but she was traveling. I don't think she was from LA, but
But anyways the so I'm trying not to be as crass as I might be if I was moving very fast telling this story like
dehumanizing her but what happened is she disappeared and
Then she was gone for a while and then people were like this water tastes bad from the hotel and this part
They eventually found her body in the water tower for the hotel. It was just floating in there for a long time and
And so but then the video was released from the hotel the security video of her on the elevator
I know you're talking about and she's befitting she's behaving very strangely in the elevator
It's very spooky and they and they edited it before it was released
And there's just a lot of like very strange things about the video and their release of it and they're editing of it
Like they changed the speed of it and if you and that they're yeah
Anyways, one of those one of the curious things that came out of like the the DIY sleuth
Boards that were analyzing this thing that I never knew about was this thing called the elevator game
Which is this whole elaborate thing where if you go into an elevator
Millennials believe and you and you prep because they think that elevators just grew out of the ground
They were there they're post elevator children
I mean when I when I was a kid, I don't believe mad elevators are magic because I saw them being invented
We called them pulley cars when I was your age
Magical about them. I want to over to the fifth floor
Apparently there's an elevator game where it is like a urban legend thing where you you you press
Elevator buttons in a certain order and then it's got all these instructions. I wonder what's it?
Please tell me and then the devil come
Devil and then the dangerous territory. I know I'm a little scared to just pop open. Okay, it's terrifying. Thank you look at my
I don't want people to see my web history. It's still dangerous. I went to your search history. Australian accent tips. Oh
He ha
Jeff Daniels wikipedia Kate Beckinsale's IMD Daniels
Trump intelligence allegations Donald Glover makes magic with touching speech after winning Best Actor in a comedy series
The wikipedia entry for Spaniel you've been trumped trump intelligence allegations
FXX still work in progress update a network's pushing animation. Let me see K. Albert, but all right, whatever
Wow, okay, hold on wait. I need to
I'm really brave and bold for doing this, but
Yeah, be careful. I just want this is
I'm really nervous. I don't like that. Why am I nervous? I don't like this at all. This is not cool
The elevator game get the fuck out of here
Urban legend ritual game from Korea. Oh, that means it's legit horror
The the death of Eliza Lisa Lam
Provided an opportunity to boost the game's notoriety. That's a weird take on it
Elevator game stock is through the roof
Floors to visit the player must stay in the elevator for the entirety of this game and press the following floor buttons in sequence
1 4 2 6 2 10 5 1 the game rules state that if the ritual
Succeeds when the player finally presses instead of going down to the first floor the elevator will read did a Korean write this the elevator
Will return to the 10th floor
Alternative world is the header of this next section the game goal is to access quote another world
Unquote the 10th floor should lead to an alternative reality where nobody exists except for the player
Travel back go there steps must be done in the same sequence then to the fifth floor
The then the final button will return the player to the first floor the game rules ask the player to check for small things to
Be sure they are back in the real world the fifth floor ghost girl
That's what I was interested in at the fifth floor a girl could appear
in person or disguised
Luring the player the game rules state the girl must not be talked to that was the creepy thing that's not even in this thing
Hey, who are you on a specific floor? There's a girl. What's your name on this on a specific floor?
There's a girl that gets on the elevator and she says where are you going do not answer her something that's the creepy thing
That's fun, isn't it? Yeah
Anyways, I just thought you know this elevator has the ability not not only to take you to another place
But also to conjure a ghost well
And they and the full idea that I read about it was that at the end of this thing
The most you can accomplish is just you get to this alternate reality and you get to a floor
And there's a door ahead of you, and you'll never make it to the door
But you know I think the best you can do is like walk for a while and then pass out and then you wake up in a random location
So that everybody's like a water water tower except for this young lady's parents who are like it's not a bit
Yeah, maybe someone killed her. All right
You know what I probably someone killed her I
I can't people don't teleport into water towers
It's it's coming from the dungeon master. I know a lot about teleportation
The tough thing is that she was in there for so long that there's no possibility of any kind of like there she was she was this is
This is awful to say but there's no she you know, she was like she was sort of anything that could have provided a clue
A significant decomposition. She was like yeah, she was sort of dissolved
Bathing in this and drinking this and they were those people all I mean
I don't know what kind of settlements they got but they were drinking traveler for like days
It was like a sickly sweet odor in the thing and there was like you know just imagine they always say that about death sickly sweet
Yeah, it must be true Jesus
Will we see any commentary on the 2016 election the Trump administration of Rick and Morty season 3?
No, we will not because it's so we were we just just just raced right out of that bit
Yeah, and it's up mouth. Do you think it's possible to ever really know another person at Julia 7 asks?
Do you think it's possible to ever really know another person?
No
Because apparently a witch just like a like a home
The ghost girl
Yeah
There's a two-drink maximum tonight folks
You know what we could do I actually I have a lightning round of Twitter questions, and I thought I I could
A lightning round what is the answer to the question we should ask you yes
What's your favorite pastry and pinatas
Yeah using your socks as napkins that's cool right if you're alone
Major in college journalism
With a minor in psychology, but I dropped out halfway through my freshman year
So what it doesn't matter what is your advice to young writers who are scared to take chances in our nation's current political climate?
Write about being scared to take chances
Is the Rick mobile real I think so yeah it seems to be
Knight writer the A team night writer
What's the project you've most enjoyed working on this show I think I like this show
What happened to your elliptical periscope sessions fuck you all right
No, I'm gonna thank you for
Thank you Daffy what Daffy Woods
It's good that you had all those questions lined up for yourself there
Yeah, you couldn't get any for Rob
You got like nine people on stage we're listening to you answer questions. I
Mean you could have elaborated as well
All right, well I'll file I'll don't pick a topic that the you guys can join in on let's go to psychology
All right action and thought yes
On both of them. So my therapist
My therapist blew my mind on Friday. She said
Your thoughts
You it will never lead to action your thoughts are kind of a well some of this I'm putting words in her mouth
But this is my interpretation of it your thoughts are kind of ever never gonna be more than kind of a
catalog and analysis of the of the of your experiences and behaviors like
You can't actually if so if you just keep thinking about action, it'll never result in action
Whereas if you do things it'll result in new thought
So you have to act to create new thought you can't think to create new action and that really
Made sense to me and also bummed me the fuck out because as with the elliptical thing
That's okay. It's like yeah
I have to get on the elliptical the answer to what happened to the elliptical sessions is I stopped doing it because maybe a
Vacation or maybe a bad mood or a holiday or something
Some excuse I had something that interrupted
I can't get on the elliptical and then so that my behavior changed and then my thought changed and my thought never started
And it is like the I have to just get on the goddamn elliptical at which point my thought will change again
And it's kind of a bummer because you're like so I have so like you have to do shit that you don't really think
About doing in order to think new stuff. That sucks
Yeah, or you you know because we're creatives we get shit on for not having a nine-to-five necessarily
So when we want to go to like to the beach or go thrift shopping or go do something that seems like it's
Anti-productive we feel guilty
But the act of like getting up and walking around even if it's to do something that's kind of bullshit
Actually steers us back into writing and being creative. Well, we never get down. We never get taught that yeah where we skip
It keep your claps for creation
Yeah, yeah, motherfuckers should be at home writing right now
Don't try to professionally procrastinate with me. I go see Dan Harmon. You should be writing in your journal
So it sucks
Because we get told like we want to fuck off and drink smoke a little pot do something on just a Tuesday at
At noon, but we get told that's shameful. You shouldn't do that, but it's actually yeah, that's garbage
Yeah, that's total garbage Cody just went through this. She's 12 years younger than me
Which is it's weird because her blowjobs are like a 50 year old that is
But the the
Seems like you've done this 900,000 times the
The the the sheet but I'm why I'm because she's 12 years younger than me
So I'm kind of watching another writer go through a lot of shit that I have gone through and I'm I have my own problems, but
But but I I do know for sure like I tell it because I've watched first of all the fact that like, you know
Just like like Dorothy Parker said I hate writing
I love having written like that's which that she I watch her like
Like hate the process and then she just need wants everybody to read her shit
And like she gets this like fix for five seconds of like oh, I did a good job and then this crash
but also just like the endless
punishment of the self for not writing which doesn't really make any sense because
It's like you you have to just like kind of be depressed a little bit. It is part of the process
You're like you're like a little cauldron or an oven
You're not going to be like a happy camper the whole time if you're making something that consists of of all of the
Emotional things that human beings go through when they go through a story like
Part of that is going to be you being all bummed out with yourself and like sleeping or playing video games or
Or just getting high and like beating your head against a wall or watching Ben Affleck movies
Like you're just doing all the things that people do to torture themselves
The the the you you do the the and like I but here's the crazy thing that happened
Like Cody was like she wrote two scripts that were that were really good. She did it. She did her job
She she had had a deal to write these two scripts and she wrote them. She turned them in and and
They're like these are great. Can we get two more which is like their way of saying these two are great
And I knew that would happen
And then she's like okay
I got to do two more and then she just and she was like I'll have them done tomorrow because she was on this high
Which is also fine to be wrong to be wrong about what you think you're gonna be able to do
But then and then she crashed. She's like wait
I don't feel like writing anymore and then she was like I feel so sad and I was like you're supposed to feel sad
Just lay there and it's like this weird conversation to have with somebody where they're like I feel sad
I feel untalented. I feel not like doing anything. I feel like laying here like a lumped and to say to somebody
That's what you should be doing. That's what you should be feeling. How long do you recommend that goes on?
I mean eventually you're gonna have to get back to work, right? I but it's a it's it's a couple weeks
I don't know it kind of depends. It's the masterpiece race if you make a masterpiece
It could go on for the next 30 years, right?
Because it's so hard to turn that's true masterpiece in your lifetime
But if you're not if you haven't turned out a masterpiece your ass should probably wake up every day at 9
But she she she went through a couple weeks where she finally because her therapist and I were saying the same thing
Which is like you're fine. You're doing what you're supposed to do
just lay there like a lump and watch forensic files and
And that's what we did for weeks and then the really funny thing was that at the end of it
She she got up one morning and she was like I gotta get out of here
I gotta go I gotta go somewhere and I got I got a I got a right
I think I'm gonna go into a hotel for a couple days and I immediately was like
What's the fuck? It took me a whole day to realize I was I was like, I'm sorry
I didn't like cuz it was like I had become the cocoon and so for her to finish
It's it's not like a butterfly goes like I'm stoked about being in a cocoon
Slippity-doodle fly in a way
Do we have to pay for that if I said that in the stream?
That the the but of course you're gonna be like the first thing that you're gonna do isn't gonna be like
I feel like writing you're gonna be like frustrated and go like god damn it
I fucking can't stand it anymore, which is different from I feel so dead
I feel like I can't do anything those are two different things if you feel irritation
That's like a coming out of an egg or a chrysalis. You're like look fuck. I can't fuck it
You should follow that impulse like I want out of here. I want to go do something
Even if that thing isn't writing you got to go do that
But I at the time the funny thing is that I my immediate reaction was like fuck you you get a warning me about this stuff
You can't just decide you're gonna go check out and then I was like wait a minute
What am I what did I expect? How did I expect this process to end? I am the cocoon
I'm gonna get ripped apart and she's gonna leave me to go be a butterfly for a second
I'll write a script over the weekend and probably fuck a hundred dudes
With the pro with the professional ability of a 50 year old
Anyways action and thought so tomorrow even though I don't think I'm going to I'm going to get back on the elliptical
And then I'm going to like think that I should get up because when I was on that
It took no time at all for me to be like I would be like late for meetings because my compulsion was
To get on the elliptical once I was doing it's just like Newtonian laws like you if you're doing it
You tend to keep doing it if you stop you tend to stay stop stopped and I'm not being one of those preachy
exercise people on my not to my my listeners, but
That's the sad thing is like you got to just like do some crazy if that's what this podcast turned into
It's like a health health podcast like a like it. Well, I mean
I just started change fighting with Joe Rogan. Yeah, I just pushing like vitamins. Yeah, you got to take your
GNC brought to you
I'm telling you bulletproof. I'm drinking these ginseng Vicodin shakes
My my my I was losing my hair, but now there's dicks growing out of my head. I'm like it's called the Medusa zone
And you got to do it you got to go through this process
You got to have a hundred dicks growing out of your head jerk them all off and then come you got to keep that come
And put it in the freezer
Because it's not come it's vitamins keep that come
Got to keep that come. It's not come. It's vitamins. Yep
And another thing I've been talking to Cody about cuz
Like it's the it for those of you who are actively writing I
Here's something and I've never really that took me like 20 years to figure out you you you know
There's two modes of writing which is like sometimes I equate to
Sometimes you're the chess piece and sometimes you're the chess player like sometimes you're like you have to like get immersed in your own
Shit and that can be counterproductive because you should be thinking structurally like so you all know if you if you've ever tried to write
That you know you get stuck on page one because anything can happen
And you're like what the fuck supposed to happen and with you know at that point you should be thinking structurally like more macro
But she also don't want to just be a hack. That's like well every story is like this and it goes like that like
the magic happens inside the story so what I'm just realizing watching Cody work is that I
Think that I've been making a mistake of thinking that you're supposed to think structurally up until a point where your structure is done
And then you're supposed to think
immersively
Immersively
Yeah, but but you may never finish that structural work because it may start to generate all kinds of question marks and you actually find your structural
Inspiration by going into your shitty fucked up structural story
And like living in it as a passenger where you can clearly see what's going wrong
So like I think the better metaphor now that I'm landing on is it's like it's like
Train tracks is the structure like you could you could say willy-nilly and probably should be more willy and nilly in
Structure because you don't want to waste too much time on structure
Just say for instance, this is gonna go from Chicago to Philadelphia
That's like saying like boy meets girl boy and loses girl boy
That's like like you just like whatever your story your basic story is knowing that it's gonna change like it's just a plan
It's gonna go from Chicago to Philadelphia
You could if you really don't have any further passion about it
I guess you could get meticulous and go and it's gonna go over this river and all this stuff
But you're still just thinking structurally and the truth is the thing that makes your movie TV show poem
whatever you're working on good is stuff that happens inside a train car and
Like some stuff makes use of the fact that you can tell you're on a train call that maybe meta or like
High concept or something where it's like wow
I can really feel the structure as I'm riding in this train car, but then other stuff is like I didn't even know
I was on a train. Yeah, because they just said it goes from Chicago to Philadelphia
And it's level the whole time and it's quiet and but but really it's just like a thing that happens inside a box car
Like so and I think that you have to I think we have to
Go back and forth. I think you have to lay track or lay plans for track
And then you got to get in the car and then go okay Chicago to Philadelphia
Let's see how that works and let it be like
Screech fucked up that just makes no sense and then change it from to Chicago to Florida or because that's a city, right? The the
It's the story of a person who failed geography becoming a writer and telling people what to do the the
The the you you change the generalities because they're easy to change then you get back in just I think it's more
It's important not to have an end goal when you're working on structure or when you're working within you got to get out of either
It's almost like I don't know what to do with this new epiphany. How are you doing? Rob? You having a good time?
Yes, okay. No, this is good. This is really good stuff. Okay. I was I was I couldn't tell if you were listening
Sometimes you're the one who invents a new structure
It's almost like you have to say it's set like an egg timer kind it's kind of thing where it's like, okay
I worked on structure now
I have to force myself to do that thing where I'm like, yeah
But what does Mikey feel like in the in the scene? But then you have to also not get sucked into that for too long
Because that'll drive you nuts. Yeah, so it's like you have to go back and forth
It's like if you were building a tube you would want to be outside the tube and inside the tube at equal amounts of time
You don't want to spend too much time like tube constructing. Are there any tube workers here?
Anybody work on tubes because there's shit for on the inside of the tube that you're not even gonna realize till you get in there
You're like, oh man, I didn't know I was making this out of so what's the transition like between?
Moving from inside the tube to outside the tube. I don't well, I mean it's
No, what is that? No for real? I'm not making a joke
Well, I kind of feel like you could characterize it as like working on a white board or with note cards versus like actually sitting at the
Keyboard and like like where you're typing dialogue. That's an easy distinction. That's kind of how I
Characterize it, but that could be different for other people because I feel like when I sit down and start typing dialogue
I'm like inside the thing right and so I'm actually like I might jump from character to character
But I'm but I'm actually sealed within the reality. You're not building it. You're smoothing it out, right?
But then there's but then if I'm standing at a whiteboard, you know, it's like, okay
What should happen, you know, then you're having these like weird conversations that God has about people like what if
What if a bunch of people got cancer hearty-har-har? I'm God. I don't give a fuck. Do you use do you do you structure like
Per scene or just the whole the whole thing the whole story like if you're working on like oh, I've got to work on this scene today
Do you structure out the scene and then go in? No, I'm not what what am I productive? I don't know
No, I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have a process yet
I I like whatever we worked in TV on community and Rick and Morty like the thing that that the
nature of the beast becomes
Break the story and then take the broken story and send it to outline and then take the outline and send it to script
And I kind of and but then we end up re-breaking everything
We always end up re-breaking and then and we look at that as like a crime like we're like Andy Bobrow was the fire marshal
For an uncommunity like they think because it was like some fire
Paramount like building code thing like he was the official fire fire
Stewart or something like he was the guy whose job it was to know when there was a fire
So they paramount like showed him a closet where there was an orange vest and two cones or two
This is serious. Yeah, and he would but he would he would of course there was never a fire
But he would he would grab them when there was a re-break and he would run down the halls of paramount and go re-break
Made me feel like shit
Because the joke was on me because it was we work on a psycho show
There's a re-break happening
Why can't you why can't you just air I can't you just air what we wrote yesterday and get an Emmy you fucking
narcissist
Fucking dumb fat blowhard. Is that you or Bob, bro?
It's Dan. I think it's Dan. I'm not gonna call Andy Bobrow a big fat blowhard
This I told I told Brandon to
Yeah, I told Brandon to make a face
The face of someone who had been told they were the culture icon
Dan was working so hard on this before that's why we were so late. No, that's not that's not
That's not we were sure we were waiting along with you upstairs. Yeah, we were waiting on Steve Levy. Yeah, Steve Levy's fault
Can we get a pillow for Steve? He's just like hanging out
He looks good he looks sad
Lonely health care. Oh nice. Oh
I texted this dispenser and then I saved it because I thought it was a good observation
Conservatives act like socialism is the opposite of capitalism
But their whole perception of poor people is inherently socialist because they expect their pursuit of happiness to generate so much revenue that even the people
They fuck over have less to gain by slitting their throats
That's one big fucking federal program and that funding just got cut
Because poor people are mad and they're gonna get sick and they're getting sick in both parties
And we're we're in a real fucking emergency situation here
Like these are the beginning this health care thing seems like something you've been hearing about your whole life
But the what the the the the thresholds that have been crossed now are like so fucking official like like it's like
It really is let them eat cake like feudal Europe level shit like like to say
That because underneath all this stuff people act like they're arguing about math and concepts and philosophies because no one is going to
Profit or live through the day by saying what's really happening, which is rich people are just saying look times are tough all over
Living long is a is a luxury. It's like cable TV
Teslas
Your kid going to college. These are these are privileges
And you should either be born rich if you want those things or you should work really fucking hard or get really lucky
And that's what capitalism is and like I don't see why you people are bitching so much and why we should have to pay for your
Your aides and your cancer and and I'm tired like when I went to Fiji it was like
Like like the life expectancy of the people that work by the pool is like fucking 20 years less
They got great water that that that that in spite of the great water
I love that one real thing if you if you look I'll pay extra for their water
Yeah, the waters if you look at third-world countries that have resort sentiment stuff
It's just like that is the way that your Republican congressmen see the future like they they
Don't see a problem with the idea that being poor should equate to a 20 year less lifespan
like like like and that's what's really being said to you right now is
Is yeah enough's enough like like like we lived in La La Land a long enough of this idea that that everyone was going to have
Coverage if you get cancer in your poor then you're gonna die
That's that is the real conversation that's happening
And I don't know why I'm lecturing you like you don't know that but I just say like like like I just want to say it out
Loud because like some of us I think we're walking around going is that what's really being said right now or
Because we're so used to this chatter of like oh, I think so
Iowa senator so-and-so just said the blah blah blah
Because it's called this senator
It's like we kind of like are still in this mode where we're calling each other out on semantics
But we've gotten to a point where the semantics don't matter the actual fundamental thought that's being
Could communicate it to us is that they actually think that you should die
They're actually telling you to fuck off and die and and they're saying it in different ways and people are at town halls going
You're telling us to fuck off and die we see you we hear you
That's what you're saying and they're running out of the town halls and hiding and they just they just did this thing anyway in spite
They're saying like what they're just going they're just doing what they were going to do anyway. It's fucking insane
I I I I
Have no solutions as usual
Resist we have solutions
Do you have any idea how much harder it is to do what they just done for the last two months that it is to call for
Impeachment like Google Bill Clinton impeach like like like they fucking know how to do this shit
Democrat Republican Congress people know how to move to impeach. It's not that difficult like like and everyone is just
They they're just holdovers from a different time. I don't know what to do. Do we grab pitchforks? We're they're killing us
They're gonna kill us we continue to monetize the Democratic push for 2018. We take Congress back
We all can write legislation. That's the great thing about America is that any one in this room could write a bill and then push it
If you would start at your state level, so we are kind of fucked
But we we do outnumber them there is hope we are learning am I right?
Are we learning how to also here in, California?
Especially because we have one of the largest GDPs in the world number six like yeah number six guys six
That's pretty good
So that that actually commands a lot of power you talking about California. Yeah, California. Yeah
Yeah, I want to like I wait every time I talk about politics
We end up realizing the solution is to act locally clean up our own shit and then set an example for the outlying territories
But yeah, like fucking California should like just become we don't have to secede
We can functionally secede by being the only state in the union that's in the black say is is right on the money
This is succession people right, but I mean come on
It's just not well
It's like why but I think it's just like an extreme thing they say to to let's talk about these issues
and
My producing partner came up with a great idea. He's I knew the lawyers you were doing wasn't so low
I knew it. I got a good one going on. I
Have a part there's always I have a partner to
He is doing a he's right. He's having a lawyer draw up a ballot initiative right now to rid
California's pension
Fund of all everything. It's not SRIs socially responsible investments and
And that will fuck
Fuck the whole world if we do that, you know what I mean, okay?
No, because there's a lot in tobacco and then
Thank you. Love it. The rest of the oil and oil and stuff
If we stop if the sixth largest GDP in the country stops investing in
oil and tobacco and things like that then
Then there that will send a message
That's the only way to
To have the rest of the country give a fuck about us. I wish there was a way that California could have its own health
They're pushing for single play single pair. So California will eventually have its own
Health play like health plan system. So I know I know that people are really trying like you said Rob of
Making California be the place that people learn how to do
Things across the country and that that can happen because we're sort of light years ahead of the country as we should
Like the the the amazing thing would be California as the liberal version of the Iron Bank and Game of Thrones that we're just like
That with every state that starts to go bankrupt because of free market
D-regulation and then and their rivers start to be filled with bloodthirsty scorpions
Like they come to us and we come out in robes and go like
Hmm. Well, let's open the books like ideally looks like you have three congressmen that are Nazis
Like I don't think that's a good investment for us
I recall it was you back to your people and have some rallies and clean up your
State because we have an election coming up and California doesn't want to live in shit land
You failed to legalize marijuana. Is that true?
Yeah
But you know California
Like like, you know, we're the blueest state in the Union and you still saw the numbers like what out of three out of ten people at
Your traitor Joe's like secretly voted for Trump
It's like I'm sure those people aren't really like at Trader Joe's in Los Angeles, but no no
They traded Joe's that
Empire Trader Joe's it's like
Yeah, Trader Jethro's
Garlic stuffed meth
Organic
But yeah, I
It sucks because we were chilling man, and now we all got to get busy
Yeah, it's such a great time. We were having a great time. We're having such a good time. We were having a good time
All right, but but yeah, aren't you worried about the
Better off like like better off now
Are you are you enough?
You're not a Trump supporter, but but you're you're better off now because we're energized
Yeah, now you now you're involved
Oh man
Come on all means interrupt them
Something that does concern me or that I see it coming
I was like I think there's gonna be a bunch of Republicans or Liberty Libertarians that that in the next couple years
They're gonna start receding to a position of they're gonna go. We're just ruptokons like we
We didn't we never supported Trump or believed that he was good for the country
We just saw that you libtard snowflakes needed some shaking up and we were right about that
And I can't wait to spit in their face and like I
Like yeah, I'm just so panicked about it's the it's the whole Bernie Hillary holdover
It's this it's the Socialist versus the the Liberals like what the the this thing of like I
It's like the Republican Party got hacked
Decimated and then repair it break right now. They're like suturing through their greed
They're like coalescing and going like but at the end of the day we love money and they're and they're they're solidifying and the
Democrats are going like
Remember that thing you said on that March motherfucker like like we're we're we're in danger of further fragmentation
In in a way, but it's like and it's this whole conundrum where you're like you want to fight the Death Star and
There's no better way to do it
It seems by then by constructing a bigger space station that can destroy more planets and how do you do that?
Except well, we should have more black in our costumes and we should and it's and then there's the people that keep going
What are we doing? Stop? Yeah, like like one of the issues is that we didn't I think the left didn't know
Um, how fragmented it was it is I think a lot of people on that side assumed
That we had gotten past some things like racism and misogyny and what we're learning about ourselves
I think is that there's still a lot of bullshit in our own party. So it's hard for us to come together
I said and we're also learning. I hope that it's called fucking
politics and democracy because if the issues are
Super fundamental and you're fighting for things that are as fundamental as like almost like people should have water
Then that means the war you're fighting is between armies so big a
Huge majority of the people fighting side-by-side with you are gonna be fucking stupid
Because most people are dumb
So if you're waiting for a political party that's going to one be all smart people and to win
then
You're a fucking idiot. That's just on the sidelines like statler and Waldorf just going like oh more like muppet stupid
like
I'm just not impressed by that anymore like I used to be one of those guys, you know
I was like I was like a fucking like weird third-party the guy and now I'm like fucking cucked out and then
Like I'm I'm I'm lipped up and damped down and cut down and live down. I'm eating that Hillary pussy and fucking
Like I don't know man. I'm just because I'm just like fucking we gotta cuz I nothing
It's the thing that shook me up my fragile straight white like like egg shell was yeah the idea that oh
So if I just keep sitting here and going you know why that's stupid, you know why that doesn't make sense
You know, I all I need is a blaster by my side. I don't believe in no force
That if I keep doing that I'm gonna end up living in a universe controlled by lizard people like and then that's no good for my smuggling neither
And so I'm so I'm just like yeah, I was like I'm not just gonna like keep going
At the end of the movie. I need to like actually like notarized. Yeah, I don't know fucking
I just like I'm just like I have a men's to make and I was like, okay, I'll fucking sorry
I keep flickering remember that thoughts and action thing. This is a great place to merge all that. Yeah, so
So I went to I went to that one March
Yeah, I came up with this great story
Well, we're gonna well we have here at star burns with the at the castle
You know, this is one room where we take will be streaming this show and then as things go from bad to worse
We'll keep meeting here on Sunday and Burbank and it's bright off of all the freeways
So, you know, like, you know, this is a good apocalypse like
I think we're outside a nuke range if they hit yeah, we're downwind
Right and there's a garage this place used to be a trucker garage. We shot an amelisa here next door
but with a little puppets but
My plan is and don't abuse this don't tell anybody outside this room. I
Want to get an RV and start damn nation alleying it like next in the in the garage next door
So that like and then, you know, we used it. We started this podcast by going
Maybe we should go to the moon
But like this is more like we need to we're gonna need to run over some giant scorpions like
Like we we need we need to stockpile weapons and we're
Taking signups for a human mind if the apocalypse the apocalypse happens tomorrow
I'm gonna somehow drag my family
Up to starburn's castle like somehow we got to get here
That's gonna be the movie that we and we can have like we can have a fleet of automobiles over there
That are all like have like a baby's
A bunch of fans to Los Feliz and Silver Lake
To pick up all your friends and then we just caravan and I guess we get stuck in traffic and then we're gonna be the best army ever
We're gonna kick so much ass
I'll tell you one thing the the blowjob instructor is gonna
Is gonna make men out of these mice
What is it under culture oh the Colbert cocksuck thing
Yeah, so once we have any gay gay
Attendees that don't mind being a little bit of an ambassador for
That's good, too, that's please please come
I'm just I'm just I'm just really curious like we were having that conversation
I don't know if the Colbert thing happened
We were here last week and I happen to mention it because we were robbing
I are constantly saying we suck dick and you suck dick and suck a dick and and yeah, and I I've tried to remove all of the
gay is
Stupid gay is lame gay derogatory stuff from my regular parlance. It's it's it's you know
I catch myself now then but like I see the I see the hurt in that and I try I've been
But but and then and then there's like this curtain that I recognize where I'm like oh when you say
Two people like two same-sex corrupt politicians whose relationship you're trying to satirize for its
Inappropriate level of intimacy in spite of not to supposing to be connected like to say they're sucking each other's dicks
Are you are?
How much homophobia parts per million are you smelling in that?
Because I don't think it should be binary and they go that's homophobic or that's not I want to respect the gay person
That would say you know what that smells
Pretty much like you hate gay people and you're hiding behind a couple of technical things like a like a like a date on the thing
But yeah, it's kind of a it's kind of a puzzler because it's like well
I could definitely see if you if your car breaks down and you say my car sucks dick I
Think that that's way on the other side of a line that I've learned to recognize right like well
I think you're saying your car is gay because it broke down
And you say your key your car doesn't you don't like your car and you're and you're you're equating that with the car
Engaging in gay so much more evolved than I am
But I mean with these are words by the way that no one was ever consciously
Employing for those purposes, but it's just like you you but then we're all taking a lot of another look through them
But that's I'm saying like when I looked through them again
I was like yeah, yeah, if you say like like I would sit in the community edit bay and I'd go like I'll get rid of that shot
That's fucking gay and then like but and then after a while like somebody told me the editor was gay
And I was like what the fuck and I and I and I and I apologize. I was like by the way
I'm so sorry. I grew up in the 70s in the Midwest and I think I've been saying I think I've been saying that a lot of shit
Is gay when I mean it's bad and I'm really sorry about that and I and I was actually still at the time
I was going like oh, I violated protocol
And and but then he said in accepting my apology. He goes well, I was never gonna say anything, but I'm glad you apologize because
When I hear that word I go back to a playground in my head where I was
Finding out I was different and was finding out that that was a bad thing and that the people in control of me
Could like just make me feel bad for who I'm you know
He just is like like in a human way and I was just like oh the worst so then I'm like, okay
I'm not gonna but so then there's just now this new frontier of like well
Colbert said implied that Trump is sucking on Putin's cock
As to characterize the level of corrupt relationship between them. Is that still do we have to do we have to
Hedge weed we'd whacked we do
We do
It's typical black man
Always with your boundaries about homosexuality your community is so first to worship gay people
We do love you RuPaul. We love you
It's it maybe it's that the act started with women that makes us
Start there right not necessarily even starting with the idea that's servicing a cock at all
You're a woman or a gay man. It's like oh, you're the weaker person because you you slobber on my knobber
We're so sick
We're so sexist that it makes us homophobic
But but but then I but then I and I know this isn't a technical issue
But I don't know how else to talk about it other than that but it's like but but then I go like well wait a minute
No, there's two guys so someone's getting their dick sucked and it's not the way it's not the stronger person necessarily like there is no inherent
To say two politicians that happen to be male neither of them has a vagina no that like if they're like oh
Trump well Trump wasn't a well of course wasn't gonna vote that way in the UN because of course
He's all up in Putin's butt or he's sucking Putin's cock is I mean what it is will break that down for me
Just for the sake of it
The deal is that if we had a great deal of respect for people who suck cocks to begin with
That joke wouldn't play but because we always always put down the person right because we never say he's eating her out
Well, we never we don't say we don't we don't say oh the prime minister of this is like obviously eating her pussy
Like we don't say that right and then when you
It's the craziest thing to hear a man talk about how he got a deal on a car
Or how you got a deal on a house in front of his wife or his girlfriend because he'll be like man
I was supposed to pay $10,000, but I only paid $8,000. I told that motherfucker suck my dick
Ain't that what I told him baby suck my dick suck my dick, baby suck my oops
You are a person who sucks my dick and that's where it fucking starts
All right, if we had handled it and this is the shittiest thing about shit like that is that if motherfuckers would just handle their shit
We could go back to telling the full wide range of jokes, right?
You know like you were racist or sexist or homophobic the
Material that we could fuck with would be amazing
That's the thing like of the 70s
It was like shit was getting edgier chevy chase said the n-word to Richard Pryor's face and a sketch on SNL
Right, I'm not saying we peaked progressively there like that's our that's our goal
We just want to be able to say the n-word to black people on TV
But but we were we were you can say it we were we were
We were more racist by our definitions now, but we were also
Comedically bolder that's like like it's different from
Sinatra and the rat pack like abusing Sammy as if he was
Not a human being like we look at the 60s comedy and oh Don Rickles said this or that
But then he'd say we all love each other and stuff like but the the the idea of the experimentation the fascination people like like saying look
Cards on the table. I don't understand this or that or that that area
I think that's what really scared us comedically
philosophically and it threatens some kind of deep state and it's a money train is back in the day was in the 70s
They monetize talking about race and gender and rape and things like that
I'm gonna unplug this now. They sort of were like we want money, but we don't want money by alienation
So they're they're more likely to turn on a product that is appeasing to all people that doesn't start any controversy
In the 70s. They were like there's money in controversy. I
Call my girlfriend the n-word constantly
But does she act like that?
Did we get the lights the lights got brighter because that joke was so great I
Do want to confess that and I don't know if I'll stop or not
I have to look within myself, but it's like it's thing
I mean we do with my girlfriend and I do so much fucked up shit that we could that I could never share
No matter how honest our society got like the things that we say when we have sex the things that we
Get up to the things that way I find that you know what my my relationship with McGathey was very public
It was a public marriage. It was a public divorce. It was a public like we were we were pretty
transparent about every thought and feeling we had and then with with Cody
It's like well Cody doesn't want to be on a podcast and when we we're like we're private like we
We like I I'm starting to appreciate the concept of privacy
And I and I and I but I but I want to admit that that like yeah
I mean it's like it's a I if there was a more horrible word than it then I would call her that when we were taught
What I was like like do you want to get a sandwich, but you know like
like and it and I I I
I know that words aren't magical, but I but I I think the difference is like when you're
The things that we get up to in public when we're talking when we're communicating in public the purpose of language is to
Share each other's minds and to avoid
Misunderstanding and so when we have arguments about technical rules about language in public
We're kind of defeating the purpose of language which is to be understood and to gain each other's trust like we we
And that and that's a that's another thing that I've like that where I used to be a different kind of guy
I used to be this whole like
If somebody said this word or that word is like should be taken off the menu
I would immediately leap to the place if this is a slippery slope and first amendment
You have to be able to express yourself, but it's like over time
Hey, maybe maybe I get tired and sold out and whatever but I think it's more like well wait a minute
We were never talking about legality. Nobody that ever said that this word offends me ever wanted to actually pass a law
Keeping you from being able to say anything. They're only saying this hurts me and that's their first amendment, right?
And like that's the beautiful thing about language is someone being able to reach out to you and say when you say the word pickle
My dad hit me with pickles
It causes a reaction to me you don't have to you don't have to be like you piece of shit you Nazi fuckface
Pickle pickle pickle
Get your hands off my body
It's not it's a no one is touching you know, it's trying to take your words away
They're that's one person and they might not be an expert in telling you they might be a dummy
They might be they might be an entitled piece of shit, but you know like like like maybe they're an unlikable fucking oaf
That also in addition to that gets hurt when they hear the word pickle. Maybe they're lying
Maybe they love the joy of being hurt by things. Maybe they're just not
The but the the larger truth is you can keep saying the word pickle all you want. There's a but like oh
Thank goodness. I use that word all the time. I'm sorry. I
Interrupted you to try to talk keep keep going Dan keep going
Keep going. Let's turn it over to you guys
Yeah, no, you know what these pickles
Anyways, yeah, but I said well, I think I look at that whole thing and I was like I think everybody played it right
I mean, I don't think I think I think anybody hashtagging fire coal bear is kind of dumb
I think that's really stupid because like that's not gonna solve anything and you're actually not speaking
You're not you're not using your I statements. You're not saying I think the hashtag like
I don't you know, I'm gay and like that hurts my feelings probably too long a hashtag
Like something where you're like accountable where you go like I personally I don't like the smell of that
And then there's like hashtags are for like solidarity where you go plus. I'm not alone check it out
But we have to get over that mop mentality too because there's a lot of people that deserve respect
That shouldn't be required to have a million people marching before we give them our respect anyways
The but but the but like coal bear
said
Putin
Trump sucks on Putin's dick and then but he did it in the midst of an important fucking tirade about what a piece of shit
This horrible criminal president was and and how offensive he was and and and how he's not entitled to his own feelings
And he can get up and have a hissy fit whenever he doesn't feel comfortable in an interview because he's a fucking piece of human garbage
And and when Colbert gets upset and he's his words have power and things and in the midst of that he said like oh he sucks
It's dick and then people are like that hurts or that's homophobia and like half of them are conservative or and then Colbert's
Quote-unquote apology was like I used words that were more harsh than maybe they should have been
But I would have said I'd say it again. I do the thing that I did again. I use the word cockholster, right?
Which is hilarious
Yeah
Right
Yeah, and it's like we're the trolls now
That's the important thing like we're the ones that are disenfranchised and like one power that we should have is the power to say things that get
attention
I can't talk shit. That's not our that's not our thing. That's what they do
Republicans are good at that. They're full of hate not all Republicans but that side so whenever we try to talk shit back to them
Yeah, we look stupid. We keep it so destructive. Yeah, it's not our thing
We're not good at firebombing. We're not good at excluding. We're not good at being racist and prejudiced
So we shouldn't try to do that shit. That's what fucked him up
It's he was trying to play their game. We kind of have to remember don't do that shit
You should be at home writing in your journal
That we have to figure out some way that has to be like a
It has to be some product we can sell on cafe press. That's a little Brandon a little pickle for white writers. It's your angry Brandon writing coach
That's what that's what that's what your your privileged fragile white writer needs is a little he needs a he needs a magical mentor to like
Anger vants him into
Writing in his dream journal
You do it get your hand out of my pocket. I saw your dream sequence. It was real good
Too many flashbacks
Did I wait I
Don't plug this because it was blinking and I you know, so let's plug it back in
Cordery, what have you been up to? Yeah, wait, what? What have you been up to?
Well, we're gonna we're just gonna fucking do a 180 right into my look. I'm no Jeff Davis. He would have been much smoother
I don't know if Jeff would have said that
I'm Jeff would have turned right to me. How are you getting drunker and drunker? You haven't had anything to drink
I have a drink and I've had a lot to do. I've been drinking since four. Oh, okay 4 p.m
Yeah
4 p.m
America
Yeah, exactly exactly. I don't start drinking until four
mostly five
but that
It bleeds into four
It bleeds into the
Yeah, 4 30 probably you get the vodka out of the yeah, I get like even sometimes some days. I'm like
Oh, fuck it. It's three o'clock
We're
We're in the five o'clock
Family don't have to be any place
If I was in new york, it'd be eight. Why don't we yeah?
That's a good one. Why don't we just start drinking? Let's drink about it. Good
What's going on with you Schrab? You've been you've been pretty critical. Yeah, what about you Schrab?
You've you've what you've got your deal kind of been writing me implying that I don't have good time management skills
And they don't treat me as well. No, I never said that. I was curious. Well, you implied it. How how was I?
I was kind of writing me. You've been kind of writing me tonight. I've been writing. Oh, why don't you do that?
Why don't you do that now? I don't remember you're doing that
You know, I don't remember that like what do you what do you what what if you what if you had the show go ahead?
Better be good. Just been
Kind of lonely. Oh good. I'm glad you're talking about that
Paid five dollars came to burbank now you're talking about that
That's how it feels that's how it feels
You just got to deflect deflect him off of you stop doing that branded get him on the branded
Spencer likes it when he doesn't have to talk to him. Oh, yeah. No, I can't get enough
That sounds like sarcasm. Yeah, no, it's not that's not sarcasm at all
I mean look, it's jet jet fucked us. He's the eyes out there somewhere. Oh, yeah
Because he's a bad person damn it
You know what? So far. He's just sucking dicks. He's just
Oh, I'm a bad person. I'm weak. I'm weak
That was me burning it on an altar. I like
We'll inhale it now and but now it's gone
Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna skip it. I'm not gonna I'm gonna be I'm gonna be a pure 100% like
Are you gonna skip that like like gay analogy or gay gay gay evocation in
Uh, diatribe you can say it when it's a positive thing though
That's how that works. Oh my god. Did you guys see get out? It sucks so much dick
Fucking blew me like a 32 year old girlfriend get out that ferris wheel was so gay
That ferris wheel fucked my ass
Oh my god, oh man, I mean we really will be there in 20 years. This is the best wi-fi in the world
It's totally fucking me. This wi-fi is fucking my ass, bro. Oh my god
We will be there. Yeah, because oh my god straight and gay people and bi people and non-binary people
Will all be putting everything in any hole you can find or yeah or simulate with a usb card in your brain
I want to suck this apps cock. You'll be able to like
This is the thing about progress is that we always act like we advance but the truth is like I want to make out with letterbox
Like they're going to invent some product. They're going to invent some pill that just makes you cool with like anything
And then and then we're all going to look down on the cavemen that we were and yeah
There's a song called me and my bitch which is derogatory
But it's kind of sweet because it kind of pulls it up from notorious bi g I recommend
And in it it says she looks so good. I'd suck on her daddy's dick
Have there been any is there has there been a a strong and maybe
Maybe I'm I guess I'm racist for asking you this question
Has there been a strong gay rapper like like like uh, like who mc
Why am I why did I riff a name of a gay rapper thinking that that would land with me? Yeah, yeah
Mc suckin nut like what where did I think that was gonna go that was gonna make anyone happy
You might have broken new story
Wait, no, what who's a gay rapper of the queen latifahs gay queen latifah? Okay guy guy
mc light is gay gay gay man
I didn't know I was frank frank. Frank is not really a rapper. Well, he's a singer
He is more of a singer. Look, I don't hear no gay rock stars
Um, and there's nobody freddy mercury. You're right mercury. Okay
I don't want to talk about white stuff
I
Well, yeah, but hold on you can't you wait where freddy mercury. That's like curating history
Like was he openly gay when he no
I know I
Brother, I know the band's name was queen and as I know that I know how they dressed
But I also jude's priest was the same way and believe me my mom did not know queen was gay
Like like like neither nor did my brother who was like I want to be free
No, like like like he was like this fucking thing fucks ass
Like like we were all like watching flash gordon and being like fucking queen rocks. Like let's go get laid with pussies
With there was no there was possible the I don't know if freddy mercury was he openly gay
When he was when he was like topping the charts that's weird because like jude's priest was like like uh like the
What was his name? Sorry the uh
Help help run help run for it. Help for it. I mean, you know, we look and we laugh
We go like back then but but like the truth is that it was like a weird thing
Like it's always been that way like you have paul lind in the hollywood squares and he's just going like
Oh, I think I do it with this way and everyone's like that's hilarious. He's so silly
And
We were able to like we're weird with my grandmother had one of her best friends was named
Donald
I don't remember his last name. He's dead. He's long dead
But he was a confirmed bachelor
That's what she used to call it and that's what that's what you know, like liberal
People called gay people back then. That's the funniest joke in uh lego batman
I don't know if it made the final cut or if I saw like an animatic that didn't the lego batman
Batman at one point says to alfred
Uh, are you because batman's like like alfred suggesting he settled down and batman goes like
are you
Do you know what the term confirmed bachelor means and alfred's like do you?
I don't know was that was that in the movie in the theatrical release or did they like
Did that just make it right to the end and they're like you can't you can't do that. I love that
um
There will be certainly someone will come out of the closet those lego movies are fucking ass
Just trying to get it started
Yep
Fucking ass and taking same-sex names
Uh, all right. Well, we've we've we've we've certainly done our share of show
These these kids have jobs in the morning. Um congress is we've got to get these kids home. Yeah
I believe I believe there's a
There's a there's a law of ruin where uh, you don't get time and a half anymore. I think
Uh, so they got to get up right and early because they have to work
Yeah, three times as long to make the same money. You guys don't get paid for coming to the show anymore. Yeah
Uh
Let's close the show with
Uh, an amazing improvised musical thing that i'm very passionate about and totally sober enough to do
Hit hit it
Oh, so reluctant
Yo
yo
Yeah, yeah
Wic wic wiki wiki wiki wiki wiki leaks
Wiki leaks wiki leaks wiki leaks wiki leaks yo yo yo
Yo
I'm a gay rapper
I have to walk a lot of lines
I've got to be tough, but I can't sell out
I'm a gay rapper
What does that mean
What will that mean a gay male rapper?
I want to get up in the morning with a partner that I love and respect and he's a man
But I don't respect him because that's the thing so
Would a gay rapper be like
Fuck all these dicks suck all these butts fuck these dudes with all their nuts
Dudes are sluts. I use them up like coconuts. I'm a gay rapper
I fuck a million butts. Don't care about any of the butts because I'm a gay rapper
I don't know
Just that further stereotypes of gay promiscuity
It's a dehumanized gayness. Is it a rapper's job to humanize anything?
Gay rapper g a y fucked your butt now. I won't tell you why fucked it now. I walk away
I'm a tough rapper and gay. Do I have to be tough? I don't know
It's a good question
Because you can't be like wake up in the morning and cook you food
Because I'm in a good mood because I'm gay
So this curtain's got to go away
That's a stereotype. Yeah, that's fucking dumb. You don't want to do that
So I think I think a real gay rapper would be like
My name is mr. Johnson
I don't do a lot out of the ordinary
I went to the library today
But I didn't read about being gay
Because I know what that's like. It's like getting your bike taken by a motherfucking forsaken sucker mc
Take your shit all day. You know what that's like? I do because I'm a gay rapper. I grew up different
I'm harder than you because I'm gayer than you. That's a gay rapping stance and I also better at dancing
That's the stereotype
But it's about black people not about gay people. Is it racist and homophobic to say I'm a gay rapper and dance twice as well
That would be a dangerous area. So you'd stay out of it. You'd say I'm a gay rapper. I cut down a tree today
I took my shirt off in a
non-binary way. I
Wrung it out. I drank a glass of lemonade and hung out. I looked real good to both sexes. I was wielding two axes
I'm a fucking gay lumberjack motherfucker. I'm gonna go to your house and tuck her in
your children
And they're safe with me
Even though I have a gold tooth
I'll tell you the truth. I take it out before I suck dick. I'm gonna do it from nine to six
I'm a gay rapper full-time. I don't want to get paid double time
Congress keep coming for you gonna lay you down and do what you do just you
I'm gonna fuck you your butt with my dick
And then get make you sick because my cum's so rich
You're my bitch
But not in a derogatory way
Unless you're not gay
Because if I'm gay and I'm fucking you it's empowering to
To
I'm a gay rapper
I love to make love to the same sex as me
And I still have the flow and I still know what it means to grow and to fight
Everything that you don't know ignorance is my enemy. I fucked your mom so no, I didn't
Why did you fuck your mom because I was drunk
And she was trying to force me into a fucking
mainstream template
She made me hate myself
Put my sexuality on the shelf every time you say so. Yeah, the rider was shelf, but I'm gay. So I'm gonna go lateral today
self
Kelp
Elf
I'm a gay rapper. I put your mama on the shelf. I am a christmas elf delivered a present called my dick
She looked at it and said what's that?
Because your mama's gay
And she only was comfortable telling me. It's called disenfranchisement. Is that a surprise to you, man?
When you marginalize a people you're you're not gonna get the truth at the steeple
It's gonna happen in clutches people go behind your back and hutches and they gossip and they cat
D-ness
Never going back
Gay rapper look at my arms. Look at my pants. Look at my charms. Look at me working on the farm raking, pulling, feeding the pigs
Gay rapper
Working the land making plants grow everything I know you don't know you don't know what it's like on the other side
I'll make your butt twice as wide. I'm a gay rapper
We'll work on it. We'll work on a new stereotype. All right. Well, thank you for coming brandon johnson was your cop trailer
Thanks so much
What do you think about that spencer? Oh, it's great
Seems like you're being sarcastic. Oh, no not at all
That was one of the best
Rob cordy. Did you have a good time?
You had a good time. Oh, I had a great time. All right. Yeah, best one. Yeah, I had a good time too
It seems like you're being sarcastic sarcastic
Yeah, all right
well, thank you zack McKeever and uh
uh in the back doing all the audio and uh, and Kris Boruff and uh, uh, uh,
I don't I gotta get good at thanking everybody that helps on the show because there's
Sarah I know there's Sarah, but I only know her first name and so I
So then I never I never think Sarah because I don't I don't memorize her last name
She just wants to be called Sarah now. So that's cool. I know but now that it's out in the open
Yeah, I'm gonna start thanking Sarah and I'm gonna learn her last name. I'm gonna stare at it on a poster
So I thank her by default all the time
Just say Sarah Sarah. So say it twice
Um, it's a show over
So I got a heart out
What's your heart out? I got a go-play Minecraft
I got a celebrity tennis tournament at 12 30
I hope that gay rapper stuff flew
I don't know
Oh, no, that's that could be too. It's really good. That was my favorite rap ever. All right
Okay, well, we'll see you next wait wait. No next week. I think I'm gone. I'm going Cody's birthday
I'm going to Mexico and oh, Jesus. You gotta you gotta go to Mexico to celebrate that birthday. Oh god
We're losing him to Cody
So I guess when we come back, maybe Jeff will be back. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe he will
Fully
I don't know. Maybe he won't. Oh, maybe we're cool without him
Maybe we're cool without we just pushed Jeff out of the show
All right started with you. Well drive safe. Don't expect so many visuals next time. I got kind of bored with it
Yeah, I got weird
Thanks so much for coming to harm it down bro back. We love you
So drive very quickly but drive very safely
Please if you see Jeff Davis, tell him we miss him so much
So
Did you get any of that it's a good a show
Oh